# Brother Dorn

Second son of Mikel, Chief Curator of the reliquary at the Temple of Fire in
Foren, Dorn found he wasn't cut out to be a knight-captain like his elder
brother, Viktor, nor a scholar like his father. He did, however, have a knack
for recognizing how to turn a profit on  objects that maybe were not, precisely,
his to sell. When he was caught by Mikel selling religious relics out the
reliquary, Dorn was quietly banished and disowned rather than cause a scandal in
the temple.

Dorn was sneaky though and had other ways into the reliquary than the front
door. During these years, he spent much of his time between the city and a small
convent on the outskirts that housed him in return for help with cataloguing the
convent's collection of religious writings. While here, he struck up a
relationship with a nun and, as it turned out, a not-so-distant cousin, Stasia.
The two were of like minds on many things, though she disapproved of his
"collecting" items and selling them on the black market. She particularly
disliked him selling religious artifacts from the temple's reliquary.

On one of his "collecting" trips, he stumbled on a small artifact labelled
as a relic of some saint of the Fire God. However, Dorn recognized it as an
artifact of the long-dead Earth God. His studies were not totally for naught. It
had been mislabelled. By his own father no less. He pocketed the small stone
object thinking he needed to decipher its strange runes in order to sell it for
a proper price.

Over the next few weeks, the artifact's runes revealed something more than Dorn
expected. They seemed to be an incomplete and, at times, extremely vague map
that pointed to a jewelled sceptre of the Earth God himself secreted away in the
Shattered Islands. Seeing his chance to make a big score, he recruited the dwarf
Teph, a hearty guide named Lafayette, and his intern Krai to go west and
retrieve this sceptre.

## First encounter of the blighted lands

As the group emerged from the forests that mark the transition into the southern
plains, Dorn beheld [the blight](../events/the-blight.md) first-hand. It was
more devastating than he imagined. His guide, Lafayette, turned and ran.
Fortunately a trapper, woodsman, and displaced farmer named Ando arrived on the
scene. After some questions, Dorn convinced him to be their new guide on the
journey, perhaps with a few lies as to its importance.

## The Negotiations with Queen Biba

As the group entered the Central Pass, a well-travelled corridor through the
Spine, they heard the distant sound of drums and soon encountered a tribe of
Orcs blocking the road.

Central to this band was a long-tusked woman named Biba. Dorn quickly found that
the tribe was starved fro resources and that it was Biba's job, as their leader,
to find a solution. After initially persuading her to hear the party out, Ando,
the new guide, offered to train a small group of orcs in the ways of trapping.

This was well-met by Biba and while Ando spent the next four days instructing
his pupils, Krai and Teph ingratiated themselves with the remaining orcs through
music and rough, but dwarven-made hunting equipment respectively. During this
time Biba and Dorn consulted on strategy and tactics deep into the night.

After Ando returned, the party made its way through the pass and into the
[Shattered Plains](../places/shattered-plains.md), stopping only for supplies in
the small villages at the western mouth of the pass.

## The Dwarven Roads

The group descended into the dwarven roads, which run deep in the crevasses of
the Shattered Plains. After losing their light and, tragically, their donkey,
they eventually met a dwarf named [Klyn](./klyn.md) who claimed to be a follower
of a woman named [Thine](./thine.md).

Klyn immediately accused Dorn's intern, Krai, of being an elf and associated him
with one of a group of missing elf children that Thine is looking for. After
claiming Thine created and currently controls the Blight, Dorn thought it best
that Thine never hear of the party and certainly not hear of Krai. Unfortunately,
After feeding Klyn a blight-infected portion of bread, he ran off in the night.
